(HeeJin and Yves who are practicing the choreography of 'Hi High' are found)
'As you see, they're practicing hard'
(Two girls really love this feeling!)
Choerry: The members of LOOΠΔ always practice dancing really hard!
Choerry: Okay, what's the point of this choreography?
HeeJin: Actually, there're too many highlight parts to pick just one thing up~
Yves: I think the point is... the last part.
Yves: You know, the part that we all come out front and kick like this one time and~
Yves: Start the engine like this~
(From now, the name of this part is the engine starting dance!)
Yves: I think this moves are really suitable for the title of the song~
Yves: And we feel most excited at this part~
HeeJin: Yeah!
Choerry: Ah~ right!
HeeJin: We do a windmill excitingly with our arms like this!!
(The name is changed again! The windmill dance!)
Yves: The kicking part is my most favorite one!!
Yves: Because I kick higher like this!
Choerry: Oh, right!
HeeJin: Hey, you're not trying to put some emotion when you kick, right?
Choerry: There is HeeJin's solo dance, right?
HeeJin: What was it?
Choerry: It looks like a kind of contemporary dance~
(You all know which dance Choerry is talking, right?)
Yves: It's a killer part, definitely!
HeeJin: Like a swan!
(Dancing like a swan in front of the swan Yves!)
HeeJin: Of course I know that Yves is a swan~
Choerry: Yeah
Yves: No, I'm going to do this!
(She starts the engine with a strong feeling!)
(Then see you next time!)